feat: add org-level SECURITY.md for vulnerability disclosure (#25)
commit-check/.github: SECURITY.md

| commit-check-mcp (MCP Server) | 🔧 Experimental | See project README |

> **Note:** Only the **latest** minor/patch release of each project receives security patches.
> Users are strongly encouraged to keep their dependencies up to date.

### End-of-Life Components

No components are currently end-of-life. EOL status will be documented here when applicable.

## SLSA & Supply Chain Security

Commit Check is working toward **SLSA Level 3** compliance across our build and release pipeline.

| Requirement | Status | Details |
|-------------|--------|---------|
| Build provenance | ✅ | Verifiable attestations via GitHub Actions |
| Source integrity | ✅ | Signed tags and commits where possible |
| Isolated builds | ✅ | Ephemeral CI environments |
| Reproducible builds | 🔄 | In progress |
| SLSA badge | 🏗️ | Pending Level 3 verification |

Security-related SLSA metadata is published with each release. See individual project repositories for the latest SLSA badge and attestation details.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

We encourage responsible disclosure. **Please do not report security vulnerabilities via public GitHub issues.**

### Private Disclosure (Recommended)

> 1. **Email** — Send details to **[security@commit-check.dev](mailto:security@commit-check.dev)**

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Email** — Send details to **[xianpeng.shen@gmail.com](mailto:xianpeng.shen@gmail.com)**
```

### GitHub Security Advisories

For projects that have the feature enabled, you may also report via **GitHub Security Advisories** under the "Security" tab of the affected repository. This method provides a private channel and optionally allows you to participate in the fix.

### What to Include

To help us triage and fix the issue quickly, please provide:

- **Project and version** affected
- **Description** of the vulnerability (type, impact)
- **Steps to reproduce** — minimal, self-contained example preferred
- **Proof of concept** (if available)
- **Suggested fix** (optional but appreciated)

### What to Expect

| Timeframe | Action |
|-----------|--------|
| ≤ 48 hours | Acknowledgment of receipt |
| 5–10 days | Initial triage and severity assessment |
| ≤ 30 days | Fix released (critical/high severity) |
| ≤ 90 days | Fix released (moderate/low severity) |

We will keep the reporter informed throughout the process and will credit you in the security advisory (unless you prefer to remain anonymous).

## PGP Key

For encrypted communication:

```
Key ID:       [TBD]
Fingerprint:  [TBD]
```

> **Note:** A dedicated security PGP key is being provisioned. In the interim,

> > plain-text email to [security@commit-check.dev](mailto:security@commit-check.dev) is preferred.

Author: ```suggestion
> plain-text email to [xianpeng.shen@gmail.com](mailto:xianpeng.shen@gmail.com) is preferred.
```
